Sir, are you alright?
Jin Lingling, are you okay?
Was that sulfuric acid that sprayed from the corner?
That liquid...was it sulfuric acid?
If it's sulfuric acid,
then why did Huo Jiuling rush
over to help me?
Speak!
You...you're injured?
I'm not going to die.
Lingling! She's got me
and my parents! Please save her!
Make her release my parents!
Why did you kidnap Wu Tai
and her family?
Is it because I secretly ran
away and you're angry,
so you took it out on her?
Yes. Why am I
so angry?
I've never felt
like this before.
I won't run away again.
I'll be good and listen to you.
Can you please release Wu Tai,
and her family?
Anyway, I can't seem to escape
from her grasp.
Jin Lingling, you're really pleading for her,
do you know what kind of person she is?
It doesn't matter.
It's none of my business.